c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.Diagram.Results.dgml
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.BL.dll
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.DBL.dll
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.SL.dll
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.BL.pdb
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.DBL.pdb
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.SL.pdb
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.Diagram.modelprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.layerdiagram.dgql
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.layerdiagram.dgml
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\Initial.dgml
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\Initial.dgml.back
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.BL.dll.dgql
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.DBL.dll.dgql
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.SL.dll.dgql
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.BL.dll.dgml
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.DBL.dll.dgml
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.SL.dll.dgml
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\Validate.dgql
c:\users\fcea4af\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\Validated.dgml
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\Worktime.CrossCutting.dll
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\Worktime.CrossCutting.pdb
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.UIWpf.exe
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.UIWpf.pdb
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\Worktime.CrossCutting.dll.dgql
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.UIWpf.exe.dgql
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\Worktime.CrossCutting.dll.dgml
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\obj\Debug\WorkTime.UIWpf.exe.dgml
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.Interface.dll
C:\Users\fcea4af\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WorkTime\WorkTime\WorkTime.Diagram\bin\Debug\WorkTime.Interface.pdb
